docs/binarybytecode.md, before:

# Binary Bytecode

This document describes how `NaBytecodeBinary` class stores bytecode in binary
format. The version described in this document is the latest, see table below.

The binary file contains these sections of bytecode in the this order:

1. magic number
2. version bytes
3. magic number postfix
4. metadata
7. labels
5. instruction & data

## Magic Number & Version & Magic Number Postfix

This part is always 17 bytes.

The first 7 bytes are to be:

ASCII:
```
NAVMBC-
```

hexadecimal:
```
4E 41 56 4D 42 43 2D
```
These are followed by 2 bytes, which are used to identify version information.

8 bytes after these bytes are ignored, these are the magic number postfix.

### Version Identifying Bytes

| Version number, ushort|  First NaVM Version   |
| --------------------- | --------------------- |
|     `0x0001`          |     v1.2              |
|     `0x0002`          |     v2.0              |
|     `0x0003`          |     v3.0              |

Since all integers are stored in little endian, `0x0001` will be stored as:
`01 00`

Byte combinations not present in table above are reserved for future versions.

## Metadata

An 8 byte (64 bit) unsigned integer used to store number of bytes in metadata,
followed by the metadata.

## Labels

An 8 byte (64 bit) unsigned integer stores the number of labels. This is
followed by the labels.

A label is stored as:

1. CodeIndex - fixed length, 8 bytes
2. Name - variable length (`char` array).

## Instructions & Data

An 8 byte (64 bit) unsigned integer stores the _number of bytes_ used for
storing instruction codes and their data. Following bytes are the `code` part
of the ByteCode.

---

**All integers are stored in little endian encoding**

Commit message:

updated spec to include separate resources section

docs/binarybytecode.md, after:

# Binary Bytecode

This document describes how `NaBytecodeBinary` class stores bytecode in binary
format. The version described in this document is the latest, see table below.

The binary file contains these sections of bytecode in the this order:

1. magic number
2. version bytes
3. magic number postfix
4. metadata
7. labels
5. instruction & args
6. resources

## Magic Number, Version, & Magic Number Postfix

This part is always 17 bytes.

The first 7 bytes are to be:

ASCII:
```
NAVMBC-
```

hexadecimal:
```
4E 41 56 4D 42 43 2D
```

These are followed by 2 bytes, which are used to identify version information.

8 bytes after these bytes are ignored, these are the magic number postfix.

### Version Identifying Bytes

| Version number, ushort|  First NaVM Version   |
| --------------------- | --------------------- |
|     `0x0001`          |     v1.2              |
|     `0x0002`          |     v2.0              |
|     `0x0003`          |     v3.0              |

The version number is stored in little endian, `0x0001` will be stored as:
`01 00`

This document is valid only for the latest version.

Byte combinations not present in table above are reserved for future versions.

## Metadata

An 8 byte (64 bit) unsigned integer used to store number of bytes in metadata,
followed by the metadata.

## Labels

An 8 byte (64 bit) unsigned integer stores the number of labels. This is
followed by the labels.

A label is stored as:

1. CodeIndex - fixed length, 8 bytes
2. Name - variable length (`char` array).

## Instructions & Data

An 8 byte (64 bit) unsigned integer stores the _number of bytes_ used for
storing instruction codes and their data. Following bytes are the `code` part
of the ByteCode.

## Resources

An 8 byte (64 bit) unsigned integer stores the _number of bytes_ used for
storing resources data. This is followed by resource segments, where each
is stored as:

1. Length of resource - 8 byte (64 bit) unsigned integer
2. Resource data
